{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1344\cocoasubrtf720
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Light;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red18\green18\blue18;\red104\green104\blue104;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18260\viewh8700\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 /jazz/j00132.mp3 | 3:45 | Fats    Waller | Ain\'92t Misbehavin\'92\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f1\fs22 \cf0 \CocoaLigature0 sudo gem install rails - V\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl548

\f2\fs40 \cf1 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\CocoaLigature1  by collecting, maintaining and updating their preferences.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\fs28 \cf3 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Easily track \
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f3\fs32 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Giving the introduction about the system you mentioned, I have the following comments:\
As a preference management tool, I think it can be used to track\'a0when each preference is captured, updated, archived and expired in order to keep it persistent. Verify of the deliverability of data like for those email addresses monthly or seasonly can also be added. \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f2\fs28 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Through this system, customer can search those preference by channels, product, opt-in, opt-out options. 
\f3\fs32 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
If we combine it with CRM system, we can keep CRM systems 
\f2\fs28 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
up-to-date with the preference data of customers and prospects. 
\f3\fs32 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs28 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
We can also add access control on data collection points to ensure that each system and user has access to only the preferences it needs. 
\f2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420
\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
I don\'92t know if this system is built on mobile devices or desktop systems. We can provide both versions: streamline the design for mobile devices by limiting the number of questions or choices. Provide a comprehensive preference center on web sites for in-depth choices of topics or communication channels.\
\
Bernie.Skinner@itcom.com.au\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\sa210
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Keep CRM systems up-to-date with the preference data of customers and prospects\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl420\sa210
\ls2\ilvl0\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Configurable data feeds, data collection points and access controls ensure that each system and user has access to only the preferences it needs\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl615

\fs54 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Manage Opt-Downs\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\fs28 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
in fact, customers may still wish to receive other content or at a different frequency.
\fs54 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\fs28 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
An effective opt-down strategy provides more granular opt-down options by category, product, or frequency while maintaining compliance with email opt-out regulations. Expected conversion rates from general opt-out to a more specific opt-down start at 50% and improve based on a company's ability to deliver relevant preference options.\
\
\
\
\
A survey-style response helps visualize this concept. Rather than a simple subscribe or unsubscribe or yes/no answer, customers can select from a list of relevant choices. These choices can vary by industry. \
\
in operational areas by delivering communications based on servicing or transactional preferences such as service outages, shipment notifications or account statements. T}